How did you change so fast?
This pet will disrupt the order when it goes in.
And it bites
He's unlucky if he bites someone
I'm afraid of you
Rough-skinned and fleshy garbage
I broke my tooth.
Besides, you're fired
What are you still doing here?
Get out of here
If you leave, you will stop doing it.
Garbage, look at the door, you provoked me, so I want to leave?
What else do you want, dear?
This stinky security guard doesn't respect me
You must give him some color to see
Otherwise, how can I get along in Amami in the future?
You little goblin, you want to meet
Xing Manager Liu
Hurry up and let your people
Loosen the bones for this kid
Yes, someone will come to me.
Ah hey
What's the matter, dear brother Dong?
This stinky security guard is screaming
Scared his son
Look, pull me up
Do you hear me?
Mrs. Shao has spoken
Hurry up and wipe Mrs. Shao clean
What the hell are you talking about?
Wenwen is mine, what are you?
Can a cat and a dog touch it?
Yes, yes, did you hear me?
Hurry up and wipe the little master clean
Who made you do this?
What do you mean by that young lady?
Didn't this stinky security guard disrespect my son?
Lick him clean with my son's mouth